The Spring Framework's Core module, or Spring Core as it's often called,
is one of the most important, if not the most important pieces,
of the Spring Framework.
It serves as the foundational module upon which every other module is built.
Spring Core is responsible for providing a number of different functionalities,
such as internationalization support, validation support,
data binding support, type conversion support,
and a whole lot more; however,
at the center of Spring Core is something called dependency injection.
The topic of dependency injection is well beyond the scope of this course,
but we should be able to get a rough understanding of its purpose.
When software is developed using object-oriented programming,
developers create objects that represent or model particular things,
and objects typically don't exist by themselves.
There are usually several objects that make up an application,
and each of those objects may in turn have dependencies on other objects.
For instance, a developer might create a computer object to represent a computer,
and that computer object would likely have dependencies on other objects,
like a hard disk object, or one or more memory objects,
and dependency injection is about dealing with the way
objects obtain those dependencies.
There's mainly two different choices for fulfilling object dependencies,
number one, the object can fulfill its own dependencies,
or number two,
the object can declare what it depends on and rely on
something else to fulfill those dependencies.
Choice number one may seem like the easiest and best idea,
but it has some particularly bad limitations.
If an object is responsible for fulfilling its own dependencies,
then the object and those dependencies become
strongly dependent upon each other, or tightly coupled as it's called.
To relate this back to a real-life scenario,
choice number one would be like buying a computer where you
couldn't change or upgrade the memory.
When the computer was created, it created the memory as part of the computer.
In fact, many laptops are like this today.
The memory was created with the computer,
and if you wanted to change or upgrade the memory,
you'd have to buy a whole new computer.
Choice number two of declaring our dependencies is much more flexible.
The object and its dependencies are still coupled,
but they're considered to be loosely coupled because you can
change one without having to change the other.
Again, to sort of relate this back to a real-life scenario,
choice number two is like buying a computer where you can change the memory.
Instead of creating the memory when the computer is made,
the computer and the memory are created separately
and then later assembled together.
Choice number two is what we would call dependency injection,
and Spring Core is considered to be a dependency injection container.
You can utilize it to declare objects and their dependencies,
and Spring Core will create and manage and connect them all together,
and this results in less things for the developer to manage.
It's also not uncommon to hear Spring Core referred
to as the glue of the application,
as it's the thing that pieces together and manages many individual parts that form the application.